Add hardware section (#1939)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/basics/hardware.md

Almost every component of your computer requires firmware to operate, from your motherboard to your drives. Of course, it's ideal for all the components of your device to be fully supported. Apple devices, Chromebooks, most Android phones, and Microsoft Surface devices will handle all your firmware for you as long as the device is supported (another advantage of using hardware made by the same company as the OS developers). 

If you build your own PC, you will be responsible for keeping up with firmware updates on all your components. This can be annoying to deal with, so if you don't think you can keep everything up to date, you should prioritize the most important components. Your motherboard's firmware is more important to keep updated than your hard drive, for instance.

### TPM/Hardware Security Chips

Most computers and phones come equipped with a TPM or security chip which safely stores your encryption keys and handles other security-related functions. If you're currently using a machine that doesn't have one of these, you might benefit from purchasing a newer computer that has this feature.

!!! note

>     Virtual TPMs do not offer the same level of protection as physical ones. Make sure you're using a hardware TPM for the best security.

Reviewer: This is not quite correct: https://pulsesecurity.co.nz/articles/TPM-sniffing

While it is true that fTPMs are suspectible to a variety of side-channels, external TPMs can be sniffed when an attacker is in possession of the hardware.

The most ideal solution (besides Apple's stuff) currently on the market is Pluton - it's in the CPU, but not actually processed on the CPU.

Author: I changed it, let me know if you think it's better now.

Most implementations of face authentication require you to be looking at your phone and also only work from a relatively close distance, so you don't need to worry too much about someone pointing your phone at your face to unlock it without your consent. You can still disable biometrics when your phone is locked if you want. On iOS, you can hold the side button and a volume button for 3 seconds to disable Face ID on models that support it. On Android, hold the power button and press Lockdown on the menu.

!!! warning

    Some devices do not have the proper hardware for secure face authentication. There's two main types of face authentication: 2D and 3D. 3D face authentication makes use of a dot projector that lets the device create a 3D depth map of your face. Make sure that your device has this capability.
    
Android defines three [security classes](https://source.android.com/docs/security/features/biometric/measure#biometric-classes) for biometrics; you should check that your device is class 3 before enabling biometrics.

> ### Encrypted Drives

Reviewer: Sounds like they're recommended. They aren't, as they have a terrible track record, to the point that Windows (since 1809) will **not** use the hardware encryption capabilities even if they're available, and prefers software.

Author: Hmm I'm getting conflicting info from you and @ph00lt0

Reviewer: Well, if they actually worked they can be good, the problem is that trusting whoever made the firmware [turned out to be a generally poor idea](https://www.howtogeek.com/fyi/you-cant-trust-bitlocker-to-encrypt-your-ssd-on-windows-10/).

Author: Do you think I should just scrap this part? It's a lot of guff for something that doesn't even necessarily work.

Reviewer: maybe, Microsoft [clearly decided](https://www.techradar.com/news/windows-10-adds-security-feature-to-ensure-encrypted-ssds-arent-compromised) it's just not worth the risk. The threats for the two options is niche attack surface vs completely nonexistent encryption.

Author: I'll go ahead and remove it then

### General Tips

If your device is [encrypted](../encryption.md), turning it fully off is more secure than leaving it on. On phones, this is referred to as BFU and AFU respectively. If your threat model includes high-resource adversaries like the government, you may want to turn your device fully off whenever you aren't using it. For other threat models, it's still a good idea to lock it before you leave and make sure the lock screen is password protected.

## External Hardware

Some threats can't be protected against by your internal components alone. Many of these options are highly situational; please evaluate if they are really necessary for your threat model.

### Hardware Keys

Hardware keys are devices that use strong cryptography to authenticate you to a device or account, the idea being that it functions similarly to a regular key; you need to have it in order gain access.

[More Info :material-arrow-right-drop-circle:](../multi-factor-authentication/#hardware-security-keys){ .md-button }

### Camera/Microphone

> Some cameras come equipped with a small light that's meant to indicate that it's filming; usually these are wired in series with the camera, meaning that it is only on whenever the camera is on. If you don't want to trust your OS's permission controls to prevent the camera from activating in the first place, you can buy camera blockers that physically prevent light from reaching the camera. You could also buy a device that doesn't have a built-in camera and use an external camera that you can unplug whenever you're done using it. Some devices come with built-in camera blockers or hardware switches that physically disconnect the camera from power.

Reviewer: Nit: they're actually wired parallel. Should probably reword it in a way neither is mentioned.

Author: I just decided to remove that part altogether.

For even more security, you can get FIPS 140-3 compliant drives. This standard was introduced by the NIST to protect government and military data. There are [four levels](https://www.entrust.com/resources/hsm/faq/data-protection-security-regulations/what-fips-140-3) of FIPS 140-3, each adding extra physical security like tamper-resistance and brute-force protection. Some also support read-only modes to prevent tampering and help with recovery.

### General Tips

If your device is [encrypted](../encryption.md), turning it fully off is more secure than leaving it on. On phones, this is referred to as BFU and AFU respectively. If your threat model includes high-resource adversaries like the government, you may want to turn your device fully off whenever you aren't using it. For other threat models, it's still a good idea to lock it before you leave and make sure the lock screen is password protected.

## External Hardware

> Some threats can't be protected against by your internal components alone. Many of these options are highly situational; please evaluate if they are really necessary for your threatmodel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some threats can't be protected against by your internal components alone. Many of these options are highly situational; please evaluate if they are really necessary for your threat model.
```

### Anti-Interdiction/Evil Maid Attack

The best way to prevent a targetted attack against you before a device is in your posession is to purchase a device in a physical store, rather than ordering it to your address.

A method you can use once you already have the device is to paint the screws with [glittery nail polish](https://trmm.net/Glitter/), take a picture, and compare the patterns to your pictures in the future.

## Routers

Your router handles all your network traffic and acts as your first line of defense between you and the open internet.

!!! note

    A lot of routers come with storage to put your files on so you can access them from any computer on your network. We recommend you don't use networking devices for things other than networking. In the event your router was compromised, your files would also be compromised.

### Models

We recommend you buy a router that comes preinstalled with [FOSS firmware](../router.en.md) as they tend to have a longer support cycle than most consumer routers.

> #### Turris Omnia

Reviewer 2: This might be better as a recommendation card rather than under a subheading

Biometrics can prevent someone from watching you type in your password, so if shoulder-surfing is part of your threat model then biometrics are a good option.

Most implementations of face authentication require you to be looking at your phone and also only work from a relatively close distance, so you don't need to worry too much about someone pointing your phone at your face to unlock it without your consent. You can still disable biometrics when your phone is locked if you want. On iOS, you can hold the side button and a volume button for 3 seconds to disable Face ID on models that support it. On Android, hold the power button and press Lockdown on the menu.

!!! warning

>     Some devices do not have the proper hardware for secure face authentication. Android defines three [security classes](https://source.android.com/docs/security/features/biometric/measure#biometric-classes) for biometrics; you should check that your device is class 3 before enabling biometrics.

Author: I should explain that.
